about.md, before:

---
title: /about
layout: default
permalink: /about
---

### /about

Hiya! My name is Soul, I'm a student, hacker, gamer, music producer, video editor, and cyberpunk enthusist :)

I have a couple different certifcations, my most proud one being the CCNA.

Turns out I know what I am doing *sometimes* :3

Be sure to check out my [github](https://github.com/soulsender) for projects I've done, or my [blog](index) for some more detailed writeups!

### /about/linux
I love to see the inner workings of computers, and I use Linux operating systems on a daily basis. I am comfortable in the terminal, being able to edit firewall permissions, create VPN servers, remotely SSH into said servers, and manage desktop enviroments.

### /about/hacking
Along with my ever-growing knowledge of Linux operating systems, I compete in Capture the Flag (CTFs) hacking competitions, where hackers compete to breach and steal a flag from a machine. CTFs can be divided into different types of hacks, such as web, cryptography, forensics, reverse engineering, and even more!

### /about/programming
I make programming projects such as automated bots, and applications. I've learned to use API documentation for things like Discord, as well as have done some rudimentary website development. I am also able to write bash scripts for automating shell activity.

Commit message:

updated website for linking to notes

about.md, after:

---
title: /about
layout: default
permalink: /about
---

### /about

Hiya! My name is Soul, I'm a student, hacker, gamer, music producer, video editor, and cyberpunk enthusist :)

I have a couple different certifcations, my most proud one being the CCNA.

Turns out I know what I am doing *sometimes* :3

Be sure to check out my [github](https://github.com/soulsender) for projects I've done, or my [blog](index) for some more detailed writeups!

You can also check [notes.soulsender.me](https://notes.soulsender.me) for some less-formal information about various things.

### /about/linux
I love to see the inner workings of computers, and I use Linux operating systems on a daily basis. I am comfortable in the terminal, being able to edit firewall permissions, create VPN servers, remotely SSH into said servers, and manage desktop enviroments.

### /about/hacking
Along with my ever-growing knowledge of Linux operating systems, I compete in Capture the Flag (CTFs) hacking competitions, where hackers compete to breach and steal a flag from a machine. CTFs can be divided into different types of hacks, such as web, cryptography, forensics, reverse engineering, and even more!

### /about/programming
I make programming projects such as automated bots, and applications. I've learned to use API documentation for things like Discord, as well as have done some rudimentary website development. I am also able to write bash scripts for automating shell activity.
